\section{\translate{Theory}}\label{sec:theory} 
Summarize and introduce the theory chapter. The report's theory chapter, should
contain additional facts required for the reader's understanding of the
remainder of the report. At this point a summary of background material in the
area should be provided, i.e.\ standards, scientific articles, books, magazines,
documents on the web, technical reports and user manuals. Explain pedagogically
with clear examples and many illustrations. It should be demonstrated that you
have an awareness of the context and the background of your work. Also explain
the aim of the technology that you describe, and not only how the technology
works.

\subsection{The scientific base of the research area}\label{subsec:sciencebase}
Should be changed to whatever the area is called. For example: Machine Learning,
Internet-of-Things, Visualization, Network Communication, etc. One good place to
find good articles for this section is to search on Google Scholar for your
research area with the added keyword ‘survey’.

\subsection{Other relevant background knowledge}\label{subsec:other}
Continue with more relevant theory, background knowledge, and technologies so
that the reader can understand the rest of this thesis.  Continue the theory
chapter with more headings as needed.

\subsection{\translate{Related work}}\label{subsec:relatedwork} 
End the theory chapter with a section called related work. Find a number of
scientific related works/”competitors”. Meaning other works that have done
something similar to what you have done. One good place to begin this is work is
by searching for similar works to yours on Google Scholar.

\subsubsection{Example of a related work}\label{subsubsec:examplerelatedwork}
iExplain how your work will be similar and how you work will be different from
their work. Put your work into relation to theirs.  Continue the list with one
heading for each concrete piece of related work.

\subsubsection{Another example of related work}\label{subsubsec:anotherexample}
Explain another related work.

\subsubsection{Etc.\ until all related works has been covered}\label{subsubsec:etc}
Explain another related work.
